For over 55 years, Athena's has been active in the research and production of innovative cosmetics of the highest quality.
Since 1969, in its laboratories in the hills of Bologna, a team of experts has been developing formulas rich in active ingredients of 100% naturally sourced active ingredients, using carefully selected raw materials that combine proven effectiveness, pleasant touch and respect for both the skin and the environment.

INNOVATIVE FORMULAS WITH PATENTED MARINE INGREDIENTS
Sphea is a new high-end brand that offers a composite and innovative treatment, rich in specific benefits for the face and body. All the products in the line are characterized by a silky and remarkably hydrating texture, combining the effectiveness of the active ingredients encapsulated in pearls with those contained in the serum.
The real particularity of the collection Sphea lies in its precious pearls, made with natural marine biopolymers, which protect the active ingredients contained until the moment of applying on the skin.
The mechanical breakage of the pearls allows an ideal release, enabling the skin to fully absorb the active ingredients. Moreover, thanks to the synergy between serum and pearls, each treatment offers a double benefit in a single solution.

ANTI POLLUTION
The serum contains Ectoine, an antipollution moisturising molecule, which helps to protect the skin from atmospheric agents (UVA/UVB, heat, wind, etc.) and pollutants of various origins such as PM10, cigarette smoke, blue light, visible light and free radicals.
PROVEN EFFECTIVENESS
 Anti pollution  Anti blue light  Anti-oxidant  Cellular reparative and protective  Moisturising  Anti-ageing

SERUM
Ectoine 100% natural molecule derived by bio-fermentation from micro-organisms living under extreme environmental conditions. It is an active and polyfunctional ingredient, boosting the skin's selfdefence and cell repair systems.
PEARLS
Niacinamide Revitalising, smoothing vitamin that favours the hydration of the epidermis and fortifies the skin barrier.
Coenzyme Q10 Strong antioxidant that counteracts the signs of ageing and prevents premature and cellular ageing by stimulating collagen synthesis.

ECTOINE (inci: Ectoin)
Ectoine is a powerful natural molecula precisely because of its multifunctional profile, it expresses exceptional efficacy. Its benefits have been tested in numerous clinical studies:  Global anti-pollution action (in vivo study)  Protection against blue light (ex vivo)  Anti-aging activity (in vivo)  Long-term hydration and skin barrier repair (in vivo)  Brightening and depigmenting efficacy (in vivo)  Soothing-anti-inflammatory `hydrocortisone-like' action (in vivo)  Support of the skin microbiome (in vitro)

RADIANT UP-LIFT
The Up-Lift face serum contains Uplevity« E-lift peptide whose properties improve muscle tone through a firming action on the facial contours similar to the effect obtained by a radiofrequency treatment.
PROVEN EFFECTIVENESS Botox-like Ę LiftingĘ SmoothingĘ anti-wrinkles

SERUM
Uplevity« E-Lift Peptide A latest generation molecule that stimulates fibroblasts, imitating the effect of an aesthetic radiofrequency session. It increases cellular energy, reducing wrinkles and performing a smoothing and lifting effect on the complexion.
PEARLS
Vitamin C Evens out the complexion, promotes collagen and elastin synthesis, protects the skin from oxidative damage and counteracts ageing.
Niacinamide Revitalising, antioxidant vitamin that improves hydration of the epidermis and strengthens the skin barrier.

Uplevity« E-lift peptide (inci:Tetrapeptide-1)
This peptide mimics the contraction effect of collagen fibres just as micro-current radiofrequency devices do during an aesthetic treatment, giving skin firmness and tone and reducing wrinkles.
In vitro Tests
 Increase in MBNL1 PROTEIN in dermis cells and muscle cells  Increased production of EDA- fibronectin  Promotion of the contraction of collagen fibres  Improvement in muscle tone of myofibroblasts (increase in
mitochondrial membrane potential)
In vivo Test
 Tri-orbital lifting effect  Reduction in the appearance of wrinkles

EYELIFT PERFECTOR
The serum with Argireline« Amplified Peptide and Uplevity« E-lift Peptide smoothes expression lines with a botoxlike, lifting and firming action around the eyes for a more radiant look.
TESTED EFFECTIVENESS Botox-like Ę Lifting Ę FirmingĘ Anti-wrinkles Ę Anti-oxidant

SERUM
Argireline« Amplified Peptide, it works with a relaxing effect on the muscle fibre, similar to a botox-like action.
Uplevity« E-Lift Peptide Latest-generation molecule that stimulates fibroblasts, imitating the effect of radiofrequency. Increases cellular energy, reducing wrinkles and conferring a smoothing and lifting appearance to the face.
PEARLS
Resveratrol Powerful natural antioxidant, promotes the production of sirtuins, longevity proteins, and protects from free radicals and skin discomfort.
Raspberry Oil Valuable nutrient for the skin, rich in omega 3/6 that promotes cellular health and regeneration.
Niacinamide Revitalizing, antioxidant and smoothing vitamin that keeps the epidermis hydrated and fortifies the skin barrier.

Argireline«Amplified Peptide (inci: Acetyl hexapeptide-8)
Peptide made through processes of green chemistry, slows down the contraction of muscle fibres in the face, and accelerates their relaxation. It is precisely the repeated contraction of these muscles that causes expression lines. This Peptide gives the eye contour a smooth and lifting appearance, reducing the depth and length of wrinkles.
In vitro Test Ę Increased cell viability of keratinocytes, fibroblasts, muscle
cells and adipocytes - anti-ageing action.
In vivo Test Ę Lifting effect Ę Decrease in skin roughness Ę Increased radiance Ę Minimization of wrinkles Ę Enhanced skin resilience
Uplevity«E-lift peptide (inci:Tetrapeptide-1)

SCULPT & FIRM
The serum with Actigym« marine ingredient mimics the effects of exercise by improving skin firmness and making it more compact, strong and toned.
It can be utilised as a post-workout treatment to boost the results of physical activity, for a synergic action. TESTED EFFECTIVENESS Reshaping Toning Ę Counteracts skin slackening ĘIncreases skin tissue density Ę Rivitalizing

SERUM
Actigym« marine ingredient Produced by a micro-organism that grows in the deep sea of the Bermuda Islands. It works by improving muscle tone, mimicking the effects of exercise or a gym workout. This clinically proven active ingredient helps to firm the skin, especially in critical areas such as the abdomen, arms, thighs and buttocks, providing a firmer, more sculpted appearance after just 4 weeks of use. Together with caffeine, it stimulates cell metabolism, helping to improve the vitality and appearance of the skin.
PEARLS
Niacinamide Boosts skin regeneration and the synthesis of collagen and elastin, restoring elasticity and radiance.
Resveratrol Powerful natural antioxidant, promotes the production of sirtuins, longevity proteins, and protects from free radicals and skin discomfort.
Raspberry Oil Valuable nutrient for the skin, rich in omega 3/6 that promotes cellular health and regeneration.
Vitamin C Preserves the skin from oxidative damage and counteracts the ageing processes.

Actigym« marine ingredient (inci: Bacillus/Soybean ferment extract)
In vitro Test Ę Increased ADIPONECTIN release by adipocytes Ę Increased mitochondrial activity in muscle fibres Ę Inhibition of lipid accumulation in adipocytes
In vivo Test Ę Body re-shaping effect Ę Reduction in wrinkles appearance

SLIM SILHOUETTE
The serum contains the ingredient Nocturshape« blue which acts by reducing the visibility of cellulite. This active is designed to benefit from the body's circadian rhythms and acts during the night hours by facilitating lipolysis.
TESTED EFFECTIVENESS
Ę Slimming anti-cellulite ĘLipolytic activity Ę Draining
HOW TO USE To obtain excellent results, apply the serum preferably at night to benefit from its night-time lipolysis potential. Massage over the affected areas until completely absorbed.

SERUM
Nocturshape« blue ingredient An advanced ingredient produced by a marine microorganism, it exploits the body's circadian rhythms by working overnight on nocturnin in the adipocytes, a protein involved in the accumulation of lipids. This clinically proven active reduces thigh circumference and the `orange peel' effect, providing a general improvement in the appearance of cellulite, already after 15 days of use. It boosts nocturnal metabolic processes, helping to reduce fat build-up.
Caffeine Stimulates cell metabolism, improves the skin's microcirculation and promotes the drainage of liquids and toxins.
PEARLS
Niacinamide Skin regenerator, promotes collagen and elastin synthesis, returning elasticity and radiance to the skin.
Coenzyme Q10 Powerful antioxidant with anti-reddening and soothing properties.

ARGIRELINE« Amplified peptide, UPLEVITY« e-LIFT peptide, Actigym« marine ingredient e Nocturshape« blue ingredient sono marchi registrati di Lubrizol Corporation o delle sue affiliate.

Nocturshape«blue ingredient (inci: Saccharide isomerate)
ARGIRELINE« Amplified peptide, UPLEVITY« e-LIFT peptide, Actigym« marine ingredient e Nocturshape« blue ingredient sono marchi registrati di Lubrizol Corporation o delle sue affiliate.

PROD UCT S C ERT IFICATIONS

The products boast certifications attesting to their quality, safety and compliance with the highest industry standards.
Natural origin ingredients > 90%

SOLAR ENERGY
Thanks to its photovoltaic system Athena's uses clean energy for over 80% of its needs.

VEGAN COSMETIC
Athena's, in accordance with European regulations, is opposed to animal testing. The products are vegan because they does not contain
raw materials of animal origin or obtained through the exploitation of animals.

ECO FRIENDLY
We exclusively use bottles, boxes and packaging in recycled and/or recyclable materials and ingredients
biodegradable and environmentally friendly.

DERMATOLOGICALLY TESTED PRODUCTS
The company benefits from the collaboration of the Department of Cosmetology at the University
of Ferrara to perform studies for product evaluation and efficacy, skin and eye tolerability
and microbiological control.

Disclose on yourself the beauty that comes from the Sea
Athena's srl Via del Lavoro, 32 40065 Pianoro (BO)
ITALY

